Artificial intelligence
To begin with I would like to determine the very phrase “AI”. AI – is intelligence, demonstrated by machines in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals. The term “artificial intelligence” may sound intimidating to some, but it has been in use for decades and its applications are more common than you might imagine. AI assists in every area of our lives, whether we’re trying to read our emails, get driving directions, or start a new business. I’ll show you some ways that artificial intelligence is used in day-to-day activities such as:
•	Email communications
Email Filters in Gmail 
Google uses AI to ensure that nearly all of the email landing in your inbox is authentic. Their filters attempt to sort emails into the following categories: Primary, Social, Promotions, Updates, Forums, Spam. The program helps your emails get organized so you can find your way to important communications quicker. For example, Gmail sorts email into 4 different tabbed categories, and sends the spam mail to a separate folder. Google claims that AI-powered filtering prevents more than 99% of spam from getting into your inbox.
Smart Replies in Gmail
Smart replies offer users a way to respond to emails with simple phrases like “Thanks!” or “Let’s do it!” with the click of a button. Smart replies attempt to mimic your personal writing style, and often do a pretty good job of mirroring the way that you might genuinely respond.
Nudging Reminders in Gmail
Gmail’s “nudging” feature reminds you to follow up on emails you’ve ignored or forgotten. Using AI, Gmail attempts to determine which emails require a response, then highlights them after a few days of non-attention.
•	Social media
LinkedIn
AI is used to help match candidates to jobs with the hopes of creating better employee-employer matches and in order to “predict not just who would apply to your job, but who would get hired…”
Pinterest
Pinterest’s LENS tool uses AI to identify objects in images. Take a picture of that beautiful maple dining set at your friend’s house using Pinterest’s LENS tool, and its AI-driven feature will help find similar tables.
Chatbots
Chatbots recognize words and phrases in order to (hopefully) deliver helpful content to customers who have common questions. Sometimes, chatbots are so accurate that it seems as if you’re talking to a real person.
Facebook Proactive Detection
In November 2017, Facebook launched a proactive detection feature that scans posts to detect patterns that may indicate if a user may be considering self-harm. When it detects suicidal thinking patterns, the AI-powered program sends mental health resources to the person and, sometimes, also to his friends.
•	Web searching
Google Predictive Searches
When you begin typing a search term and Google makes recommendations for you to choose from, that’s AI in action. Using AI, the search engine attempts to guess what you might be trying to find.
•	Stores and services
Product Recommendations
Amazon and other online retailers use AI to gather information about your preferences and buying habits. Then, they personalize your shopping experience by suggesting new products tailored to your habits.
Music Recommendations
Music services use AI to track your listening habits. Then, they use the information to suggest other songs you might like to hear.
Mobile Banking
AI is used by many banks to personalize your experience on their mobile apps (for example, bill pay reminders).
Maps and Directions
When apps like Google Maps calculate traffic and construction in order to find the quickest route to your destination, that’s AI at work.
•	Offline experiences
Ride-sharing Apps
Ride-sharing service Uber uses AI to determine how long it will take to get from your location to your destination. This lets you know when to expect a driver or food delivery.
Commercial Airline Flights
You might be surprised to discover how little flying your friendly pilot actually does in the cockpit. Pilots report spending only 7 minutes manually flying the plane during a typical flight, with much of the rest being done by AI technology.
AI in science:
•	Sophia is a social humanoid robot developed by Hong Kong based company Hanson Robotics. Sophia was activated on February 14, 2016[1] and made its first public appearance at South by Southwest Festival (SXSW) in mid-March 2016 in Austin, Texas, United States.[2] It is able to display more than 50 facial expressions.
•	The Kodomoroid TV Presenter: This humanoid robot was invented in Japan. Her name is derived from the Japanese word for child- Kodomo- and the word 'Android'. She speaks a number of languages and is capable of reading the news and giving weather forecasts.
•	Jia Jia: This humanoid robot was worked on for three years by a team at the University of Science and Technology of China before its release. She is capable of making conversations but has limited motion and stilted speech. She does not have a full range of expressions but the team of inventors plans to make further developments and infuse learning abilities in her. Although her speech and vocabulary need further work, she is still fairly realistic.
Three major “zones of investment” for AI in healthcare:
•	Digitization: Using AI or other digital tools to make operational processes less expensive
•	Engagement: Improving how patients and consumers interact with healthcare providers, systems and services
•	Diagnostics: Developing new products and services that use AI algorithms to provide diagnoses or health advice to patients
Japan is developing artificial intelligence for motorcycles, in particular, Kawasaki is working on a voice assistant for its motorcycles.
The new generation of motorcycles from Kawasaki Heavy Industries will adapt to its owner. Motorcycles will use information and communication technologies, including artificial intelligence, writes Motor Sports Newswire.
